#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 618
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin /systemlyxdir/examples/
\textclass article
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children no
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding auto
\font_roman "palatino" "default"
\font_sans "helvet" "default"
\font_typewriter "courier" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_roman_osf false
\font_sans_osf false
\font_typewriter_osf false
\font_sf_scale 95 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\use_lineno 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tablestyle default
\tracking_changes true
\output_changes false
\change_bars false
\postpone_fragile_content false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\docbook_table_output 0
\docbook_mathml_prefix 1
\author -1463541724 "Daniel" d3vf4n@tutanota.com
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Welcome to \SpecialChar LyX
!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Most important things to know when using \SpecialChar LyX

\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
\SpecialChar LyX
 comes with excellent documentation —
 please use it!
 Start with the menu 
\family sans
Help\SpecialChar menuseparator
Introduction
\family default
,
 which will give you a very brief introduction to the documentation.
 Then learn about using \SpecialChar LyX
 with 
\family sans
Help\SpecialChar menuseparator
Tutorial
\family default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
\SpecialChar LyX
 is what we call a 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

document processor
\change_inserted -1463541724 1692647090

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\change_unchanged
.
\change_deleted -1463541724 1692647088

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\change_inserted -1463541724 1692647107

\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -1463541724 1692649139
see,
 for instance,
 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "Cambridge Dictionary"
target "https://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/punctuation"
literal "false"

\end_inset

,
 section 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

quotation marks
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

;
 or Collins grammar too.
 Punctuation may depend on the dialect,
 but for the most part the rules are the same and,
 in this case,
 this is not a direct speech clause,
 so I would place the point outside the quoted expression.
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\end_inset


\change_unchanged
 By design,
 it is different from regular word processors —
 in a way that makes writing documents easier.
 But only a little different,
 so don't be scared.
 The documentation will make it all clear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The output from \SpecialChar LyX
 looks great!
 Use the menu 
\family sans
Document\SpecialChar menuseparator
View
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

[PDF
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

(pdf\SpecialChar softhyphen
latex)]
\family default
 or press the toolbar button 
\begin_inset Info
type  "icon"
arg   "buffer-view"
\end_inset

 now to see for yourself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Yes,
 \SpecialChar LyX
 can mimic (almost) all \SpecialChar LaTeX
 functionality.
 And yes,
 \SpecialChar LyX
 can import \SpecialChar LaTeX
 files.
 Experienced \SpecialChar LaTeX
 users should skim the rest of the 
\emph on
Tutorial
\emph default
,
 then read the 
\change_deleted -1463541724 1692549293

\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\change_unchanged

\emph on
\SpecialChar LyX
 for \SpecialChar LaTeX
 Users
\change_deleted -1463541724 1692549297

\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\change_inserted -1463541724 1692647713

\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -1463541724 1692648894
Does not comply with the styling rules in Intro.lyx,
 section 2.1.
 Besides that,
 I don't see the need to use quotation marks with text typed in a different fontface.
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\end_inset


\change_unchanged
 
\change_deleted -1463541724 1692549300
chapter
\change_inserted -1463541724 1692647259
section
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -1463541724 1692648915
it is a section,
 not a chapter.
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\end_inset


\change_unchanged
.
 (Everyone else:
 don't worry,
 you don't need to know \SpecialChar LaTeX
 to use \SpecialChar LyX
.)
\change_deleted -1463541724 1692549492
 
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
\SpecialChar LyX
 has lots of features for people who read or write a language other than English.
 In addition,
 the key bindings,
 toolbars,
 and many other characteristics are highly configurable.
 See 
\family sans
Help\SpecialChar menuseparator
Customization
\family default
 for details.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The \SpecialChar LyX
 home page is 
\begin_inset Flex URL
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

https://www.lyx.org
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 Get information about \SpecialChar LyX
,
 subscribe to the \SpecialChar LyX
 mailing list(s),
 take the \SpecialChar LyX
 Graphical Tour:
 
\begin_inset Flex URL
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

https://www.lyx.org/Walkthrough
\end_layout

\end_inset

,
 and more.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\series bold
Note for Linux users:

\series default
 Please check that the language packages for the \SpecialChar LaTeX
 distribution 
\family sans
\SpecialChar TeX

\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Live
\family default
 are installed.
 Otherwise you will get \SpecialChar LaTeX
 errors.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

For example on the Linux distributions 
\family sans
(K,X)Ubuntu
\family default
 and 
\family sans
Debian
\family default
 the package name for the German language is 
\change_deleted -1463541724 1692549458

\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\change_unchanged

\family typewriter
texlive-lang-german
\change_deleted -1463541724 1692549459

\family default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\change_unchanged
.
\change_inserted -1463541724 1692647289

\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\change_inserted -1463541724 1692648947
Is it really necessary to use quotation marks for text already using a different fontface?
\change_unchanged

\end_layout

\end_inset


\change_unchanged

\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

After the installation of the language packages you must use the \SpecialChar LyX
 menu 
\family sans
Tools
\family default
\SpecialChar menuseparator

\family sans
Reconfigure
\family default
.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
